rockstar games has the beginning of the month
announced that they play the game grand
theft auto san andreas which
nine years ago for the ps2 xbox
and computer has appeared that they are
play just below percent on the
porting mobile devices that's called he
then has the bonus game as it was then
just given for the consoles then
also on your iphone ipad and ipod
touch about it more already a video
made and today and at sea
announced that it will be tomorrow so on
thursday 12 december infinite
app store appears and you have too
the price indicated so encourage him
and probably five in Germany
cost euro 99 but that tomorrow
but again we went from 599
and they have indicated on which
It will run me down
just the ios devices and that
it runs on the iphone 4s iphone 5
iphone 5 and iphone 15
that means no more iphone 4 only on the
bright ipod touch as well as my pro
day tuned the generation 16 32 or 64
Do not gigabyte on the one
profound generation tests just easy
there are none too old at the unit
surprises
he just runs it on the ipad 2 3 4 and
always on the ipad and even on the
ipad mini 1 of course also on the new
ipad with the with retina display so
at the ipad at the one cookies as well
the ipad 1 really already from
many play no longer supports
will be summarized again
on iphone 4s just for you the ipod
touch and on the ipads 12 and over
has announced it to the gaming
controller
support which yes now of
Logitech is now there are still
no more of the 2 that support
you too and languages ​​english
French Italian German Spanish
Russian and Japanese
So as I said tomorrow has the rise on
december the whole game will be released
will be a video tomorrow
Upload
that should live on time online
his
link you will find the intervideo
description and subscribe us
so you do not miss the video and
here we see the way still the sound
menu of gta san andreas on the
ios devices so see you tomorrow
review